Mom?
What a lovely daughter
Too bad I voted for him wrong.
You are not allowed to talk about my mother except for chicken talk
Li Chenxi, why do you hate me?
You let Qingqing
I'm not just talking about him
I still want his mother.
Sister doesn't cry
Mom is here, aren't you afraid?
It's a mother-daughter scene
Ji Yanxi, I gave you a chance
I told you to remove the child and get out of Sea City long ago
But why didn't you obey and take my money?
And bring back this sword
You are sincere, I said I will take the sunny day away
I will do what I say
Do you think I will believe what you say again?
Zou Yuan already knows
Qingqing is his biological daughter
You thought he would let you go
love
If it weren't for you, I would have married Ze Yuan
You stole Huo Zeyu
You broke a family
To hell with that.
Hahahaha
Ha ha.